♪Crinkling your eyes, you smile sweetly.♪
♪The way you run to me is lovely.♪
♪Your mouth corners are upturned.
Your smile is remarkable.♪
♪How come you happen to see me embarrassed?♪
♪Summer isn't more romantic
than the moment I met you.♪
♪Have I shown you romance or warmth?♪
♪My love for you stands the test of time.♪
♪I believe in eternity because of you.♪
♪I would risk my life to protect you,
my source of courage.♪
♪You give me a sense of security
by being at my side.♪
♪I love everything you have given me.♪
♪Together, we make a sweet love story.♪
=The Love Equations=
(Previously on Episode 23)
I don't want to break up.
I'll take good care of her.
And better than you did.
Madam,
I'm the new part-timer.
I'm Cai Yasi, sophomore of
Department of Computer Science.
I won't eat,
unless you take Zhou Xiao here.
(Episode 24: Love that Transcends Time)
Mom, I'm coming in.
Fanzhou, you can't blame her because...
I asked her to come here.
You can't blame me, either.
I know you love her very much
and don't want her to go back and forth here.
Therefore,
I bought many delicious dishes,
to make up for her.
I see.
By the way,
have you had lunch?
Not yet.
Alright, look.
This is left for you.
Enjoy.
Zhou Xiao, be careful.
OK.
Mrs. Zhao.
Here.
Please have an apple.
Did you have a fight?
No.
Then tell him to eat the apple.
He seldom
eats fruit.
Help me get rid of his habit
of being picky about food.
I could not handle him.
I don't want to eat that.
Fine.
Feed him.
I believe he will eat it.
Why do you act so weirdly today?
Eat it.
Feed the whole apple to him.
See?
I knew you could handle him.
What's wrong?
I'm fine.
It's just scraped by something.
Then don't touch it.
Fanzhou, take a look at it.
No.
It doesn't matter.
He's a medical student.
Let him take a look.
Does it hurt?
No.
What about here?
Zhou Xiao,
would you like to have spicy hot pot with us?
Mrs. Zhao.
Tomorrow, we...
Mom,
she is not available tomorrow.
Yes. I have classes all day long tomorrow.
Oh, I see.
How about dinner?
And after dinner,
I'll ask Fanzhou's dad
to drive you back to school.
Dinner is...
She has no time for dinner, either.
Then,
when will you have time?
Mrs. Zhao.
I have something to tell you.
I will come to have dinner
with you every day,
if only you won't dislike me
for eating too much.
I definitely won't.
I like girls who eat a lot.
Mom.
She can't come.
But, she said...
she would have time.
We have broken up.
What?
What did you say?
What are you talking about?
Mrs. Zhao...
Zhou Xiao.
I'm leaving now.
What's going on?
Zhou Xiao.
Zhou Xiao!
Hello?
Why didn't you reply to my messages?
Are you all right?
Can you pick me up?
It seems I get lost.
I'll be right there.
What happened?
Zhou Xiao.
What do you want?
You forget this.
Thank you.
Why are you crying?
I...
The thorn stabbed me. I feel painful.
It's said
the pains humans could feel
are divided into 12 levels medically.
That of level 12 is the severest pain.
That of level one is like
being bitten by mosquitoes.
So, the pain from a thorn
should be a very light pain.
Sometimes, you probably won't feel it.
But why
I feel it intolerable
at one moment.
Mrs. Zhao.
Please don't be too sad.
Zhou Xiao was scared and wanted
to break up. It's normal.
After all,
Common people still have some prejudice
against mental disease.
It's all my fault.
It's all because of me.
Let's take the medicine, OK?
I feel so sorry for Fanzhou.
Zhou Xiao.
Let's take the medicine, OK?
No, I don't want to take it.
Let me do it.
Mom, what's wrong?
You broke up
because of me.
I'm sorry.
I am to blame.
Mom.
Please listen to me.
Our breakup
has nothing to do with you. It was my fault.
Your fault?
Why did you say that?
Did you
make a mistake as your dad did?
Did you?
You dad...
Where is your dad? Where is he?
Call your dad.
Mom.
Mrs. Zhao.
Go get your dad.
Mom.
Where is your dad?
Are you all right?
I'm all right.
I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
It doesn't matter, Mrs. Zhao.
I didn't mean it. I'm sorry.
Go get your dad.
Ask him to apologize for me, will you?
Call your dad. Go get your dad.
OK. OK.
OK.
Go get your dad.
Mom.
Listen to me,
I will call him right now.
Sit down. Sit down.
Sit down.
I will call him right now.
Mrs. Zhao.
Go get your dad.
Dad,
come to the hospital quickly.
Hurry.
Can you walk faster, shorty?
Where are we going?
You'll see.
I'll go back to school.
Today, I will take you to a place
to relieve yourself. It's on me.
No, thanks.
Come on.
No means no.
No.
What do you want?
Let me go.
Let's go.
Believe me, will you?
Here we are.
Go-carting?
Yes.
It's really relaxing,
especially for someone
who is crossed in love.
Let's go.
(Notice: We are having a three-day off.)
I'm going back.
Wait a minute.
I will call the boss
to open the shop right now.
Forget it.
Reluctance is good for nothing.
Why did you say so?
Wait and see. I'm calling him now.
Today, I
will make it good for you.
OK.
I'm going to the washroom.
OK. I will solve it before you come back.
From today on,
we have to increase the dosage.
I will write a new prescription
and upload it to the system later.
OK.
Professor.
How is she...
You'd better get ready for the relapse.
Please! Sir!
My friend really broke up with her boyfriend.
How many people will he tell
that I was dumped?
To be honest,
I've liked her for a long time.
I feel bad
when she gets upset.
I just want to bring her here for relaxing.
Open the shop, please?
I will pay more money
if it's still inconvenient for you.
You name it.
If only you can send some one
to open the door.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
See? I told you I can make it.
What did you say to the boss?
I just told him some nonsense.
It was all about persuading him
to open the door.
OK.
Buckle the belt!
Be quick. Don't dilly-dally.
Are you ready?
Yes.
Hey, you could have hit me.
I really hope so.
What if you broke it?
We have to pay for it in that case.
Let me take a look.
Hurry.
Are you tired?
Nope.
I saw a vending machine over there.
I'd like to buy some drink.
Would you like some?
Let me do it.
No, thanks.
Hey, you haven't asked me
what I would like to have.
Bring me a bottle of peach-flavored milk tea.
I told you
I wanted peach-flavored milk tea, didn't I?
Why did you
buy this for me?
Where could I
buy that for you?
Why do you ogle at me like this?
I am not.
You like me?
What?
Let me know
if you like me.
Why?
Only in that way
can I refuse you.
Take it easy. I don't like you.
Really?
Yes.
Then why did you
ogle at me just now?
My eyes are passionate.
I see everyone like that.
You scared me!
I thought you liked me.
How do you feel? One more round?
Why not?
Zhou Xiao.
Sorry.
For what?
For I will beat you one more time.
Try it.
Sorry.
I lied to you.
I know that you don't like me now.
I also know
it would get us into an awkward situation
if I admitted my keening on you.
I don't want this to happen.
I don't want you to feel awkward, either.
I can wait
till the day you like me.
(Medical Records)
I'll be straight with you,
I'd suggest you to return
to Beijing for treatment
as it stands right now.
And you'd prepare yourself
for long-term treatment.
OK. I see.
Fanzhou,
you went to Beijing with your mom last time.
I'd like to go this time.
I will suspend my schooling.
Look, we do nothing
but cleaning and studying all day long.
Especially that book.
I have to say
the book has been severely damaged.
It's unnecessary to mend it.
I don't know how you have spent the year.
I didn't ask you to come.
You can quit.
I'm here to help you.
I don't care.
Fine.
You will regret it.
I won't.
I'll give you one more chance.
No, thanks.
Zhou Xiao.
Cai Yasi.
Open the door.
No way.
Open it now.
Come on.
Open the door.
No.
You...
I like you.
I need more time.
Let me go inside.
No.
How about just a little while?
Alright!
I like you too.
Why are you getting mad?
I'm not going out.
You haven't finished the cleaning yet.
Do it yourself.
Wait for me for dinner.
OK.
Professor.
Fanzhou.
You've come at the right time.
Give me a hand now.
My eyes have become tired.
Come on.
Hurry.
Help me record the last two sets of data.
When you were busy with your family affairs,
I just realized
how important you were as my assistant.
Luckily, you are back.
Why don't you wear your white gown?
It's been only a few days,
but you've forgotten the rules.
Professor,
I'm here
to apply for suspending my schooling.
Suspension?
Why?
My mom has a relapse.
I have to take her
to Beijing for treatment.
How long will it take?
When will you come back?
After you come back,
will you still be my assistant?
I don't know how long it will take.
After coming back,
I will still be your assistant.
Professor,
the data is here.
I'm leaving now.
Zhao Fanzhou.
I will wait for you.
Please take care.
(Nanfang University Suspension
Application Form)
You've mended books in the library
for a whole day.
So you smell
like a big tube of glue.
It was all because
you weren't willing to do it.
My fingers are for computer operating.
It'll be a waste if I use them to mend books.
My fingers are for writing novels.
Your novels
are doubtful.
What do you mean?
Nothing.
Say it again. What do you mean?
I mean nothing.
Are you sure
you won't go to UK with me for the match?
I really can't.
I have promised my teacher
to help arrange exhibition.
My English is poor.
If you don't go with me,
I will be doomed.
Come on.
Your team has sufficient logistical support.
But
none of them is my girlfriend.
Hello.
I won't agree.
Come on.
I've told you
I wouldn't live with others.
Only Zhao Fanzhou
can be my roommate.
You said you would respect my suggestion.
My suggestion is I won't agree
anyone else to be my roommate.
Be good.
I have a phone call.
Hello.
No, I didn't mean you.
Yes.
I know Zhao Fanzhou has suspended schooling.
What's wrong?
Zhou Xiao.
Has Zhao Fanzhou
suspended his schooling?
Yes.
I'm sorry.
Don't worry.
When the dorm keeper said she wanted
to get me another roommate,
I refused her.
You are loyal to him.
You said it!
I think so too.
Right?
Shut up.
Why are you all staring at me?
You look awful when you eat.
Why do you say so?
You know what, eating like this
will make food more delicious.
Advertisers prefer people who eat a lot.
Speaking of which, I'm totally experienced.
You know...
Xie Yixing.
Eat more meat.
Maybe you'll become
an advertising model soon.
Why are you looking at me?
Forget it,
I won't give my ice cream to you.
I asked you to buy one for me,
but you refused.
You are so mean.
Hey, the ice cream you are eating
was bought by me.
Here you are.
Forget it.
You mindless girl.
I am leaving now.
I have a meeting to attend.
See you.
Bye.
♪I would never hurt you,♪
♪but sometimes I made you cry.♪
♪I want to show you the moon,♪
♪but there is no light in my world.♪
♪I love you more than I can say.♪
Ladies and gentlemen,
may I have your attention please:
flight CX1681 alternated to Beijing
is boarding.
OK. I see.
I will be right there.
OK. I will be right there.
Fanzhou.
What's going on?
Why haven't you packed up your things?
Hurry. Your dad is already
at the boarding gate.
I'll check the boarding cards.
I will take them. Be quick.
Come on.
♪I don't want to live in sorrow,♪
♪going through all the sweet memory.♪
♪It will eat away at my soul,♪
♪devouring all the light I once saw.♪
♪I'm afraid we won't let it go,♪
♪once we know how sweet it can get.♪
♪Maybe I should pretend that
I have never seen the light,♪
♪just like we never met.♪
♪Just like we never met.♪
Fanzhou, you are back.
Dad. Mom.
Have you bought ice cream for me?
Yes. Pick the one you like.
Eating ice cream in winter
is bad for your stomach.
It doesn't matter.
(Zhou Xiao: My book has finally
been published! So happy!)
Why all of them are cantaloupe-flavored?
I don't like the flavor.
Then
what flavor do you like?
Mom,
what flavor would you like to eat?
I will buy for you.
I like chocolate-flavored ice cream.
Take a break. Let me do it.
Let him buy it. You stay here with me.
OK. I will buy it.
Be careful.
You are so picky. It's delicious.
Then you eat it.
I'll unwrap the cover for you.
(Zhou Xiao: My book has finally
been published! So happy!)
My breakfast...
I was careless,
why were you also so careless?
I'm sorry.
I will buy a new one for you.
(Detective Conan)
Why...
Why are you so kind to me?
Do you want
to kidnap me?
(Detective Conan)
Why are you laughing?
Tell me your purpose.
I just feel
that you look like someone I know.
Normally, I don't eat things from strangers.
I just saw your mom and dad
look kindly.
So I trust you.
Thank you.
Your mom is in hospital.
Why does she eat ice cream?
My mom eats nothing when she is in hospital.
How long has your mom been in hospital?
I don't remember.
It's been a long time.
Would you mind
opening the comic book for me?
I want to eat while looking.
OK.
Which page is it?
There.
Why do you like smiling so much?
Do I?
I didn't smile a lot before.
Someone
once said
she felt scared when I smiled.
I think she's right.
Can you turn to File 2 for me?
Love Transcending 13 Years.
Let me tell you a secret.
Actually, I saw this file long time ago.
I'll tell you the plot.
It's about a woman who has missed
a man secretly for 13 years.
It's too long.
Is there someone you miss very much?
♪I don't want to live in sorrow...♪
Yes.
Then will you
miss her greatly
but restrain yourself from going to see her?
♪... going through all the sweet memory.♪
Yes.
What a tolerant man!
Well, I will go for my mom.
Goodbye.
Thank you for your breakfast
and ice cream. Bye.
Bye-bye.
♪devouring all the light I once saw.♪
But I can't resist anymore.
The book
is good.
Great.
The Bloodthirsty Two-faced Medical Examiner.
Zhou Xiao.
The writer's name sounds familiar.
The stories
should be interesting.
What are you doing?
I am reading books.
The book is really wonderful.
But you are reading the copyright page.
(The Bloodthirsty Two-faced Medical Examiner)
The book should not be put here.
Please replace it.
Excuse me.
What is he doing?
Excuse me, I want to buy all of them.
OK.
Please wait.
He's not buying them.
Excuse us.
Come with me.
Why are you here?
Excuse me.
None of your business.
Tell me.
What is your conspiracy?
What do you mean by that?
I'm here to increase your sales volume.
What's wrong?
If you do this,
when my fans come
to the bookstore for the book,
but they find it's sold out.
They will be sad.
Do you have any fans?
At least I got a book published.
Please have some respect for me.
Wait a minute.
Why are you willing to pay for my book?
I see.
What do you see?
You want to buy all my books
before I become popular,
so you can sell them
to my fans at a high price
after I become famous.
You want to pocket the difference.
My flight is canceled?
Yes, sir.
Please change it into the latest flight, OK?
OK. Please hold on.
Sorry, sir.
We only have business class seats
for the latest flight.
It's OK.
I will send you a text message
about the price difference
and flight information.
Please check later.
OK. Thank you.
Sir,
since your flight was canceled,
can we slow down a little?
There is a traffic jam ahead.
The flight I changed
is only thirty minutes late.
So please be quick, sir.
OK.
Thank you.
Why are you dragging me?
What if you scare the others?
How about
I place your book on the shelf
for bestsellers?
No. Don't do that.
I didn't expect you
still have moral integrity.
Then stop gabbling.
I think
someone will notice my talent soon.
I certainly can't miss the wonderful moment.
We've been here for a whole day.
We even had sandwiches for lunch
at the entrance of the bookstore.
What's wrong with eating at the entrance?
Don't you think
today's sandwich was really delicious?
My dream must have made it delicious.
Do we have to eat here?
We are not allowed to eat in the store.
But we can come back after eating them.
No. What if someone buys my book
during our meal?
I will miss the impressive moment.
Give me your bacon.
Why?
Forget it.
You are so mean.
Zhou Xiao.
Have you practiced it?
Really yummy.
What you ate was a sandwich.
But mine
were two pieces of bread.
Why do you make a fuss about it?
Zhou Xiao.
Look.
We haven't sold any book today.
It's a waste of time by staying here.
How about...
I didn't ask you to stay with me.
You can leave.
Cai Yasi, what's wrong with you?
Why are you so restless?
I'm sorry. It's my fault.
If so, then come here.
Why?
Let me beat you
and...
I will forgive you.
But you just beat me.
No. It was a kick.
Then come on.
OK.
Don't dodge.
(Next Episode)
You still like her, right?
You have broken up with Zhou Xiao.
Yichun sent you this parcel a year ago.
Why haven't you opened it?
Isn't this your genetic testing report?
Zhou Xiao,
it has been a long time since we last met.
♪Sunshine falls into the wind's arms.♪
♪A breath of sweet air drifts over.♪
♪Since the day I met you,♪
♪I have learned that a view is only fine
when you are part of it.♪
♪Taking in your feelings quietly.♪
♪Perhaps a step back should
be taken to get closer.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪You will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go in the future,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪
♪I would be happy to see you happy.♪
♪He tolerates my willfulness.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪I will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go tomorrow,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪